% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Agenda
% February 7, 2022

## Moderation - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (e75bd500)
- Discuss stance on moderating guidelines
- Consider additions to the code of conduct / rules / etc.

## Gmod server event - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (6955d518)
- Figure out when we will run the event
- What gamemode we will be running?
- What's needed beforehand?
- How long will we need the server for?

## picoCAD - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (5bb837fa)
- picoCAD is fun, we should do something society related with it
- jack built https://www.cs.mun.ca/~csclub/picoCAD/ , useful for displaying stuff once people have made things
- make this into a contest maybe? prizes?

## slab - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (0b230c7e)
- the slab is still dead
- who best to reach out to regarding getting that back on the go, since it seems like the room is still untouched
- are there things we can do to make the basement lesser slab better in the meantime?

## 1002 - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (7f2ce64e)
- slots this semester have been a bit... 'mucky' at times
- is there anything we can do / say as a society to bring up the problems to the dept.? or is there not much to be done by us?

## kattis comp - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (8170b7e8)
- John is putting together the problems
- 'I could set it up as a proper 5 hour competition type of thing or as a week long open competition type of thing or whatever people are interested in'
- Outreach to be done once we know what we are doing (Mat: 'I could do a FLW on it')

## MUN FAQ - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (c817244a)
- An idea I have for a society project, to add a general MUN frequently asked questions data repository of sorts
- I think it'd be cool as a website; and something that people can contribute to
- Would be cool to see if we can grab one of the meeting rooms in the new building to plan it out; reach out to Hackfrost to see how they managed to snag those rooms?

## Game Development Events - Mohammed Balfaqih (36da328b)
- We have got a good number of interests from the forms
- Workshop or Jam or both?
- Are we able to host the events in person?

## Event dates + Poster - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (4fe56a2d)
- We're hopefully going to have a few different events sorted by the end of this meeting; we should ensure they all have dates
- Dates themselves should make sense around not being during busy midterm times; although avoiding midterms altogether should not be a goal
- Would be nice to make a physical poster that can both advertise the society itself, and also reference the n events we will be running
