% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Agenda
% November 7th, 2020

_To be discussed tomorrow during out Sunday 4pm meeting slot._

1. Trivia night, when will we do this again and who's going to start it / when will they start it.
2. Xontic, setting up a dedicated server / Ethan looking after running another night in which we'll be playing Xonotic
3. Discord workshop, even though Mathew E hasn't said he's good to work on this a lot yet, could the content he's created so far be moved to GitHub so other people can contribute to it?
4. React workshop, any updates on this since last meeting from Matthew C?, could this content also be moved to GitHub in some way?
5. Clothing order, numbers haven't been looking good
6. Networking event
  - Plans for how to run the event, are they finalized?
  - Zoom is expensive, do we go with the free trial / pay for it / ditch it for Discord / Jit.si / something else?
  - Get some emails written up to send to people / companies for potential speakers.
  - Discuss who has time / wants to help out with different pieces of the organization
7. Winter events
  - Dylan and Jack discussed the posibility of having some events in the winter (likely taking place next semester obviously) such as:
    - skating!, either at bannerman park (close to dylan so he could source some hot choc and such and bring it over, and no price on us since its a public rink!), or maybe renting out a rink with other societies?
    - snowshoeing! Dylan can maybe give some more context on how this would run from his POV.
    - skiing! def. the hardest to organize, would also require getting other societies involved for bigger numbers, but worth the work potentially!
  - Other events in the winter that aren't physical like the above / could be online?
