% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Agenda
% February21, 2022

## MUN FAQ - Jack Harrhy (Gump) (3a4901b2)
- An idea I have for a society project, to add a general MUN frequently asked questions data repository of sorts
- I think it'd be cool as a website; and something that people can contribute to
- Would be cool to see if we can grab one of the meeting rooms in the new building to plan it out; reach out to Hackfrost to see how they managed to snag those rooms?

## Future Kattis Comps. - Jack Harrhy (0a3e9f17)
- There seems to be interest in having future Kattis competitions.
- They are pretty easy to run! other than having someone pick the problem set and the social media stuff they are pretty hands off
- Maybe have some much easier problems in there next time? (Could even make a note of the problems and their difficulty to tell people what problems to start at)
- Sometime early March?

## picoCAD competition - Jack Harrhy (baeff2c5)
- by the time we have this meeting, this comp should be underway
- prizes?
- any more resources needed? are some execs interested in participating to maybe boost its activity?

## GameDev Workshop - Mohammed Balfaqih (c042305f)

- Decide date and time 
- What labs available to book 
- What will be presented in workshop

## Gmod Prop hunt - Jack Harrhy (e651b694)
- happening this friday (?)
- what needs to be done beforehand: (socials?, servers?, etc.)

## Financials - Jack Harrhy (d90d449e)
- Jack, Madison, and Ripu went to the bank (miracle).
- Ripu is a signing authority now, yay
- Our account balance is 1,800~, very nice
- Would be nice to ensure online banking is setup without Marty details

## Sharene meeting - Jack Harrhy (099e5e8a)
- This wednesday
- Might want to mention this in announcements again

## Hack Frost Update - Madison E (4c17932f)
- by Madison

## Stickers for Woody - Jack Harrhy (f2f54c6f)
- Marty confirmed
- Dylan finding box of his that might have stickers
- Hopefully take care of this before semesters out

## Society stuff - Jack Harrhy (c0fc5969)
- We are throwing out an old motherboard + 10 year old keurig
- Jack has the chonky security box, all it has its an envelop of old paperwork in it for now
- Dylan has some society stuff that should likely be sent to either Madison or Jack
- Would be nice to ensure sometime in the future this stuff can live on campus again

## General documentation - Jack Harrhy (00b303a9)
- We have great meeting agendas + notes, _but_, we don't really have a good public spot for general documentation on things / longer term plans and such
- Having another category on the executive documents repo for 'General' might make sense, should require some effort in changing the script, and also updating Automata, but it would be worth it
- Would permit us to have public financial records as well
