% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% November 11th, 2021

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey - President
* Jack Harrhy - Vice Prsident
* David Chicas -  Executive Assistant
* Zac Batten - Event Coordinator
* Zach Vaters - Techonlogy Officer
* Mohammed Balfaqih - First Year Reprensentative
* Mudkip - GSUGC Rep
* Mat Emshey - Rep at Large
* Leah Murphy - Social Representative
* Hamzah Punjabi - Rep at Large
* Ripudaman Singh - Treasurer
* Colton Fridgen - First Year Representative
* Gizem Ensari - International Student Rep
* Abhijeet Singh - Rep at Large

# Points to be discussed

## Banking Update

* Ripu slept in so there is no update on banking information. Plans to do it next weekend are on the works.

## Committee/Society Updates

* GSUGC Updates: Replacing streams with concentrations (Similar to the concentrations used by other faculties like Biology). Would not show up in degree, it would only show in transcript. Other majors have two semesters to complete honors project, but CS only has one. Faculty wants to know if students are interested in this change.

* FoS Meeting: Want to work on more joint majors. Want to fix problem courses that have averages lower than 60%. Faculty of Science wants to introduce more CS to high school students so they are not as overwhelmed when coming to university. They want to remove the 2 CRW requirements and make it 1 CRW and a Science Communications course. They are looking to revisit and evaluate the current prerequisite so they make more sense.

## CS Trailer Date Search Update

* Opening anniversary is coming soon and Madison would do something about it as it is one the few places dedicated to CS.

## Poster for Events

* Beer Olympics: Organized by the Chemistry Society. Madison will give out information about the event to Leah or Vilakshan soon so they can start promoting the event.

## Past Events

* Github / Hacktober event: Pretty good turnout, location was good as a good amount of people used the computers in the lab. Most PRs good approved. Some people still have not received their stickers. Some stickers were given out during the event.

* Clothing Order: Most of it has been delivered. Only a couple people still need to receive theirs.

## Future Events

* Paintball: Mohammed and Ripudaman are looking into this event. Event might be postponed due to finals coming soon, event might be moved to next semester. Partnering up with other societies might lead to a bigger turnout and cheaper rates.

* Game night: An in-person event would be ideal as it is better than online. Some ideas for the games are: Golf with Friends, Jackbox, or Xonotic. Games like Jackbox would be better in person and games like Golf with Friends would be better online. Zac will look into getting a room that is comfy and allows for food.

* Tutorials: Discord bot tutorial, using the lab computers is a problem as they are not configured for it. Most likely would happen next semester.

* Advent of Code: Same vibe as Hacktober. Promoting it and having a prize would be a good idea. Central repository where people can post their solutions and dedicated channel to it. Mat and Will will be making a recap and will be commentating it.

* Mailing List: Extra hat from clothing order would work as incentive to join the mailing list. Posters around campus to promote the society.
