% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% January 20th, 2022

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey - President
* Jack Harrhy - Vice Prsident
* David Chicas -  Executive Assistant
* Zac Batten - Rep at Large
* Zach Vaters - Techonlogy Officer
* Mohammed Balfaqih - Event Coordinator
* Mudkip - GSUGC Rep
* Mat Emshey - Rep at Large
* Hamzah Punjabi - Rep at Large
* Ripudaman Singh - Treasurer
* Gizem Ensari - International Student Rep
* Kyle March - First Year Representative
* Emily Dormody- Rep at Large

# Points to be discussed

## Gaming

* Minecraft: More minigames, could be on the server or somewhere external. We need to find more ways to engage people to the server.

* Xonotic: Very low effort. Tentative date after 6 PM on February 2nd.

* What other games would people want to play? Chess, GMod, Rust, Jackbox.

## Events

* Planning for a couple in person event for this semester. We can wait and see what are the official university policies for events. Some outdoor options would be skating, a walk around Long Pond.

* Possibility of badminton. Kyle has connections with the sport and could help run it.

* Mat will be running the information session with the Canadian Armed Forces. We need to provide WebEx.

* Introduction channel, would be a good a compliment to the server.

* Game Jam proposal. We could host our own small game jam. Have to iron out the details.

* Mat wants to have a podcast/videocast and the society would be a good center of interest for it.

# Changes to Executive

* Emily and Kyle join the executive as new members.

* Jack, Madison and Ripu have to go to the bank. They will try for the fifth time.
