% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% February 21th, 2022

# Attendance

* Jack Harrhy - President
* Zach Vaters - Techonlogy Officer (Interim note-taker)
* Madison Emshey - Vice President
* Colton Friden - First Year Representative
* Kyle March - First Year Representative
* Mudkip V - Honorary Rep
* Mat Emshey - Rep at Large
* Mohammed Balfaqih - Event Coordinator

## Missing
* Emily Dormody - Rep at Large
* Ripudaman Singh - Treasurer
* Kanika Mathur - Science Society Rep
* Zac Batten - Rep at Large
* Rishi Gandhi - Intl Student Rep
* David Chicas - Executive Assistant
* Vilakshan Khanna - Social Rep
* Gizem Ensari - Int Student Rep

## Kattis Competition

* Was a worthwhile event, with an easy setup therefore there's a chance to host one again March 4th.
* We had six people solve at least one problem and another ten attempt too
* For the next Kattis event we would need to adjust the scale of difficulty for folks warming up to these types of problems

## Finanical stuff

* Ripu has gone to the bank, the society now has sorted out the balance of the account $$$$
* Now need to have the credentials moved over from prior execs name

## Stickers for Woody

* Have gotten details from mert on the transaction and now need to hunt down the stickers. Dylan is working on this
* Goal is to close the book on this before the semester is over at least

## General Documentation Hub (Financials, Misc Notes and deets)

* It would be nice to have a hub for misc notes that are not specific to meetings and agenda, no details decided

## Hackfrost Update

* Its concluded this past weekend, overall 241 attended the event. Worldwide universities and high school participants
* Big turnout, first place was a team from a Brazilian University
* Hackfrost will return again next year for the third consecutive year

## Game Development Workshop

* Mohammed Hamood has tried to reach out for computer availability on campus. So far its been difficult to find a place. Has reached out to `meets@mun.ca`, all fully booked at this time
* With a week away, the event will be **pushed** until things have been ironed out
* Mohammed has been working on the content of the event in the mean time
* A hybrid event is an idea, Jack would like to have a quality setup for both in person participants and online too

## Garry's Mod Event

* Need to advertise with posters, discord announcement and on our other socials
* Mudkip is in charge of the server setup, Jack will workout aquiring the server and handing over the controls for Mudkip
* The plan is to play prop hunt for the night

# Actionable Items

- Add Agenda and meeting notes to repo (Zach)
- Setup socials for Kattis comp. bext week (Jack and Leah)
- Sort who will pick out problems (Jack)
- Post next picoCAD theme (Jack)
- Bring up the Sharene meeting again an annoncements (Jack)
- Add General Notes to Executive Docs (Jack)
- Mohammed will work on content for the gamedev event
- Jack will reach out to Sharene about spaces on campus we can host the event
- Leah will make gmod poster before Wed. to post on socials
- Jack will buy servers Thursday night and give Mudkip creds
- Mudkip will setup server for Friday
- Jack will shutdown sever Friday night to save $$$
