% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% February 7th, 2019

# Attendance

* Courtney St. George (President)
* Riley Flynn (Vice President)
* Jack Harrhy (Technology Officer)
* Tahsin Ahmed Sakib (Treasurer)
* Kyle Olmstead (Executive Assistant)
* Martin Whelan (Academic Officer)
* Taylor Hadfield (Event Coordinator)
* Keegan Churchill (Sports Coordinator)
* Stephen Tollenaar (Representative-At-Large)

# Agenda Topics

No topics were on the agenda for this week.

# Other Topics

## Mixers

Every 2 weeks we get society room.
  
### Friday Feb 8 Mixer

* Everything is bought, Marty is going to set everything up day of.
* All Ages Boardgame night.

## Awards

* Dean Of Sci. (15th Feb)
* President Award (?)
* Outstanding Prof (?)
* President Graduate (we don't do anything its all graduate voted)
* MMM won the student vote held.
* Each award has a ridiculously specific set of qualifications, not worth writing them out here. Ask Riley for detailed email.

## Events

* Diplomacy started.
* BBQ sometime when it's warmer/no snow.
* Taylor takes over Bus Crawl preparations from Mallory(Math events coord.)

## Code Night

* Polling students for dates.
* Undecided if weekly/biweekly.
* Need to book lab out with office.
* Goals:
  * Get people out working together.

## Hackathon

* Local Companies voiced support for us.

## Local Companies Equipment

* They give away professional level dev equipment to elementary schools... MUN gives us dollar store keyboards.
* Marty will reach out to see if we can secure donations to refurbish the CS Student Labs.
* Plans (so far):
  * Get new peripherals.
  * Get new desks.
  * Move the unused smart board from the help center to the lab.
  * Get new locks for the doors to prevent theft and prevent engineers from going in there.
* Once Marty reaches out to his connections, Courtney and Kyle will go the main office with the proposal (no way they say no to free things)
* Can use it for events in the future, in moderate disarray currently.
