% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% February 15th, 2021

# Attendance

* Jack
* Madison
* Mathew
* Zach
* Zac
* Lola
* Rishi
* David

* Mudkip
* zachv

# Agenda Topics

## Misc.

- Winter event is big rip due to _covid_.
- Gaming events aren't likely going to go ahead due to lack of interest.
- Minecraft building ends on Wednesday, server will close and the survival server shall return afterwards.

## Server moderation

- Discussed problematic things in the discord, and ways to help moderate them more.

### Actionable items

- Modify `#welcome` to include some things from Zach's Moderation Proposal, being more specific about what type of content we don't permit, and different sections of said content.
- Having some section of the server dedicated to how to ask questions regarding assignments in constructive way.
- Create a exec. channel to drop screenshots of 'infractions' in, so we can keep track of users that keep posting content we don't allow, permitting us to act on it if it continues.

## Networking Event

- Event is occuring 12pm, Saturday, Feb. 27th.
- Dean and Dave are good, Jack will reach out to his contacts.
- Lola will do up the promotional material for the event.

