% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% February 7th, 2022

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey - President
* Jack Harrhy - Vice Prsident
* David Chicas -  Executive Assistant
* Leah Murphy - Social Representative
* Mat Emshey - Rep at Large
* Mudkip - Honorary Rep
* Mohammed Balfaqih - Event Coordinator
* Colton Friden - First Year Representative
* Zach Vaters - Techonlogy Officer
* Kanika Mathur - Science Society Rep
* Emily Dormody - Rep at Large
* Zac Batten - Rep at Large

# Regrets / Could not make it but had an excuse

* Kyle March - First Year Representative
* Ripudaman Singh - Treasurer

# Points to be discussed

## Event Poster

* Would be a good idea to put the Kattis Competition, GMOD Night, and PicoCAD competition in a general poster and advertise around campus.

## Kattis Competition

* John Marcoux will set up a Kattis Competition for the society, we can help with promoting it and setting channels for it. John will look for sets of challenges. Potential info session on how to use Kattis. Friday evening potential date for the event. Info session at 5pm and competition starts ay 6pm.

## GMOD Night

* Friday would be a good idea as long as it is after 5pm. Would be a good idea to advertise to the whole student body and not just the society.

## PicoCAD

* PicoCAD model competition would be fun. Could be themed. Would be a good idea to have prizes and criteria. Run during winter break from February 19th to February 27th. Let people vote on their favorites.

## Revision in Moderation

* Revise rules regarding controversial posts in the society channels. Change to the consitution would be ideal to formalize it.

## Hamood's Game Jam

* ~20 people are interested in a Game Dev/Game Jam event. Introduction to Game Development workshop. Using Godot as an engine would be best to learn the basics. Hamood can take lead with the workshop. Early March, 2nd or 4th, would be good days. After 5pm. Compile resources in a society repo.

## COMP 1002

* Has been a mess for students. The society could use student pressure if the test marks that come back are unfair. Would have to contact Mark Hatcher and Cathy Hyde.

## MUN FAQ

* Stack Overflow/Quora for MUN Computer Science and more general questions. Can be put in the back burner for now, until we are less busy.

## Research Conference

* Kanika will forward the email with details regarding said conference. Option for voluntering included too.

# Action Items

* Leah & Jack will produce poster covering the three upcoming events (Kattis Comp, picoCAD, & gmod prop hunt)
* Plan out the details of the kattis competiton and put that up on the website
* Jack & David & Zac B. can plan the picoCAD competition details
* Mat will review code of conduct and make suggestions of changes regarding the moderation discussion.
* Jack will email dept. about slab
* Hamood will look into gamedev workshop stuff
