% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% October 17th, 2022

# Attendance

* Jack Harrhy - President
* Mat Emshey - Vice President
* David Chicas -  Executive Assistant
* Ripudaman Singh - Treasurer
* Gizem Ensari - Int Student Rep
* Emily Dormody - Science Society Rep
* Zach Vaters - Tech Officer
* Leah Murphy - Social Rep
* Parsa Esmkhani - Social Rep
* Madison Emshey - Rep-at-large
* Pratham - Rep-at-large

# Introductions

* Mat talked about some of his vision for the future of the society and led introductions. Went over the members of the society and their roles.

# Updates

* Site has been updated to represent election results.

* Turnout for Hacktober has not been ideal. Many opportunities in the socities GitHub to participate.

* Currently working on some type of trivia for the society. Should it be on campus or off-campus?

* Leah is currently working on brand guidelines for the society, would make social media outreach easier. Parsa will be in charge of putting the physical posters up on campus for events. We will start a procedure for printing posters on campus. 

* FoS meeting next week.

* Hackfrost will have a hackathon from February 17th to 19th.

# Society Updates

* Jack (President) and David (Exec Assistant) are looking to step to other positions. Currently looking for someone to take over the positions.

# First year presentation

* Mark and Cathy will be having a first year presentation (EN 2006) soon, they have asked for a representative from the society to present at the end about who we are.

# Clothing order

* Closed last week. We will get an update as soon as it is available.

# CSGS Mixer

* The Computer Science Graduate Society will like to have a mixer / social event.

# Hacktober Fest

* Open source contribution event through October, we did not plan anything in person like last year.

# CyberSec Event

* Remote event about the cybersecurity field, job fair kind of event.

# Future Events

* Looks like people are most interested in industry / job events. Followed by online game nights, with trivia and mixers last.

# MUNCraft

* Should we stop our server and direct people towards MUNCraft? Poll said yes
