% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% January 10, 2020

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey
* Dylan Brine
* Ethan Crann
* Zach Smith
* David Chicas
* Zac Batten
* Vilakshan Khanna
* Jack Harrhy
* Yee Teing Lo (Lola)

# Agenda Topics

## Xonotic
- Wednesday January 13th, 7:00pm
- No poster, but Jack will make after this meeting
- Jack will message Elliot to try and get out on socials
- try and get advertisements out tonight

## Discord Plug
- Dylan will send out email tonight to all profs trying to get them to advertise our server

## Minecraft Server
- server was down, is now running again
- Jack still needs to get paid for the server 
- Actionable item: Jack will email Regina to see about getting our mail to get a chequebook

## Discord Bot
- Will inquire to see if Riley wants to help out
- We should set up a tentative deadline, early February perhaps?

## Challenge Set
- Lack of participation, need to figure out how to get better involvement before posting next set
- Set up a concrete prize pool to maybe get better participation? 
- Maybe same format as before with better advertisement? And if not on next one then re-evalute
- Tentative posting of next set on Wednesday/Thursday of this week

## Skating Event
- Loop is too logistically complicated, so not going to happen
- Renting a rink is still an option, may need to group up with another society or two 
- Will be a lot of effort, may not be worth it? 
- May let this die

## Snowshoeing
- This may be a more feasible option
- http://pippypark.com/winter-fun.asp
- Need to wait until it actually snows then we can discuss it more 

## Other Potential Winter Activities
- Sledding?
    - Easier to organize, just show up at a hill.
    - Need to wait on snow for this as well
    - Could grab some crazy carpets, bring some hot chocolate

## MUN Subreddit
- Jack has started to moderate it more heavily
- Server mostly ppl asking about MUN rather than people at MUN
- If there is anyone wanting to help mod, let Jack now
- Need to revitalize, try and get other societies on board to post and advertise
- We should post our events on there as well
- Should we sticky other society socials etc to have all information unified?

## HackFrost NL
- Website will be up soon
- Once it is updated, will begin promoting and advertising
- CS Society will promote the event once we have it ready 
- In class promotions?
    - Volunteers will go into synchronous lectures and give 2 min blurb












