% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% November 16th, 2020

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey
* Dylan Brine
* Zac Batten
* Mathew Emshey
* Ethan Crann
* Vilakshan Khanna
* Yee Teing Lo (Lola)

# Agenda Topics


## Items from Last Week
- Trivia prizes are ready, 3d printed question marks with winner names on them. Also stickers
    
# This Week


## Challenge Set
- Challenge Set stuff getting pushed up to Github tomorrow. Going to run this cycle starting somewhere in next few days and will run until Dec 1st (tentative).
- Participation will award ballots, and we will do a draw for prizes at the of winter semester. 
- Questions this go will be easier, so that they are more attainable and accessible.
- Now have prizes: Gain ballots by participating in challenges, have a draw at end of winter semester. 
    - prize ideas? May have to depend on who wins. Eg easier to send an international student a steam gift card than a sweater. 
    - could do a "pick one" for main prize, eg list 5 items of equal value, winner gets to pick one

## Networking Event
- Probably going to have 4-6 speakers for the event, depending on number of registrations. 
- Event page has been merged to master for website, once it deploys to website, we will begin advertising for the event on discord and socials.
- Dylan will inquire as to why it hasn't deployed to our website even though it is merged to master and try to get it deployed ASAP. 
    - Update, Dylan screwed up and forgot to merge. It is deployed to the website now so that we can advertise. 
- Will try to have an exec member in each breakout room to help moderate and keep things flowing. Vilakshan is interested in helping with this. 
- We will begin to reach out to industry speakers who are interested in chatting with students. Lola, Jack have connections. Dylan potentially does as well.

## Society Assets Acquired from Campus
- Dylan went and got the cash box, as well as the stickers. 
- Prices changed on stickers since they were not selling for $5. We are now charging $3 for one, or 2/$5, with a $1 shipping fee.
- Rough rolling total of society assets around $1500 currently. 
- We had a stalemated cheque from MUNSU, Dylan will try to get the cheque re-issued. 
- Hard to give back to students with our excess funds currently, trying to brainstorm how to give back without having in person events. 
    - Random draw for prizes, participation prizes for challenge set, game tournament with prizes

## Clothing Order
- We don't have numbers for a local order. 
- We are going to order one extra t-shirt and one extra sweater with white logo with no text (have to double check this) so that we can do a local order.
- Madison will be putting in the local order sometime this week. 
- Ornaments
    - Madison printing them, will charge CS Society for print time and material

## Resources
- Dylan has slightly more free time, will get started on creating a master resource document.
- Zach is working on a "course" guide, talking about what languages each course uses, etc...

## Hackathon
- MUN chapter of IEEE has reached out to the society to help plan a hackathon. Not too much on the go yet besides filling out some applications.

## Workshops
- Everyone is kind of busy right now, nobody actively contributing to any of them atm. 
- New goal might be to have some workshops done by reading week of winter semester and host them over the break. (just a thought at this point)

## Events this Week
- Trivia
    - We will run it again Thursday at noon. Had good participation last week. Zac will start the event at noon and let the trivia role now it is running. 
    
- Xanotic 
    - Ethan will try to get the Xanotic server done by Thursday, and if he does if there's interest will try to get people playing Thursday night.
    - Otherwise, will run it next week. 


