% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% February 14th, 2019

# Attendance

* Riley Flynn (Vice President)
* Kyle Olmstead (Executive Assistant)
* Jack Harrhy (Technology Officer)
* Stephen Tollenaar (Representative-at-Large)

# Agenda Topics

## Code night

### Time

* People overwhelmingly voted for Thursdays
* No hard time for start and end, just a general guideline
* Poll on facebook for what time would be best for people
* 2 - 3 hours

### Location

* CS Undergrad Lab (EN2036)

### Booking lab

* After we determine what time it is being held, Kyle will contact the office to book the lab
* Maybe also book projector?

### Promotion

* Jacob is creating a poster
  * Post on our boards
  * Post on facebook, twitter, slack
  * Need to give Jacob twitter and mailchimp access

### Projects

* Nuke or archive current slack bot repo
* Create a new slack bot, in python, that people can work on at the code night

## New lab equipment

* Haven't heard back from Marty yet

## Future mixers

* We have the room for friday on the break
  * Nobody is going to be on campus then, so we won't bother with further planning
* Will be discussed at next meeting with Taylor present

## Outreach

### Informing people of events

* Perhaps do more speaking to classes at the beginning of class to do things such as announcing events

### Improve presence on campus

* Post more posters around campus
  * Jack has a poster in the works about our slack

### Usage of social media

* Already covered by previous topics

## Help for when help centre is closed

* Add a section of help resources, tutors, etc. to our website
* Tell them to book office hours with their prof when they are free, as office hours are typically also available by appointment

## Section for resources on website

* Already resources and tutorials sections on the side bar, exec members can submit a PR with their resources ([https://muncompsci.ca/resources/](https://muncompsci.ca/resources/))

# Other Topics

No other topics were discussed.
