% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% November 7th, 2022

# Attendance

* Jack (Tomato) Harrhy - President
* Mat Emshey - Vice President
* David Chicas -  Executive Assistant
* Gizem Ensari - Int Student Rep
* Zach Vaters - Tech Officer
* Leah Murphy - Social Rep
* Parsa Esmkhani - Social Rep
* Madison Emshey - Rep-at-large
* Pratham - Rep-at-large

# Updates

* Jack is happy with how the mixer went, good turnout. MUNCraft event was a little laggy, Jack will provide some help next event.

* Hamood has some updates on rooms and such. We can use slab anytime we want, just let the department know. The Slab is available Nov 17th and 18th, he will email to ask if hours are okay. Nothing back from EN 2022, our seminar room.

* Mudkip has proposals about changes to 1003 and a possible standalone test to be selected into CS major.

* MUN open house, we are asked to send a representative for a Q and A session. Gizem will do this.

* Zach has fixed some minor maintenance in some of our repos. Automata is back to discord.py 2.0.1. Executive documents now takes less time to build.

# DevFest 2022 and GDG

* AbdulKabir Sulaiman talked about Google Developer Group and DevFest 2022 and building a support group in the community for developers. GDG is more about events, and DevFest 2022 will be hosted in December 10th, tentative date, which will have talks from Google Developers. While it is a Google platform it is not just about Google products. We can help with publicity and attendance, we can also help with speakers. Link to [DevFest 2022](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/).

# Mixer November 2022

* Any feedback? It was a very good event with good turnout. Maybe send a form to ask for feedback.

# Exec Recruitment Plan

* We will have a recruitment plan to fill the position of Executive Assistant, Vice-President and President. If no executive member fills it open it to the public. Hopefully we can have this done before next semester.

# Event Planning Timeline

* How can we plan events with more time? Next semester we should plan at the beginning and follow a calendar for all of our events. Does not have to be rigid but would be good.

# Git and GitHub Tutorial

* Possible event for next semester. Jack has done too many so maybe we could find some other presenter.

# Peer to Peer

* Seems to be more of a faculty/university rather than society. Might not be enough tutors, but it would be very helpful to have.

# Advent of Code 2022

* FML will try have weekly updates for AOC again. We need to promote it more to have a better turnout. Jack and Riley will look into improving ELF, the bot, we could even have in person event. First week is when most people participate, we should plan to do more work then. Society is open to any ideas regarding AOC for this year.

# Whale of a Time: Take Two

* Looking for volunteers, email adsu@mun.ca to volunteer. Mass email was sent to the CS Major mailing list. You need to email to sign-up. Happening November 24th from 5-7 pm. Email melanief@mun.ca to register before November 18th.

# Improve Society Policies

* Anyone can make some policies for the society. Goal is to make the passing of the society to a new group easier.
