% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% November 8th, 2020

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey
* Jack Harrhy
* Abhijeet Singh
* Bhaskar Aanjana
* Elliot Barnes
* Dylan Brine
* Rishi Gandhi
* Zac Batten
* Mathew Emshey
* Lo Yee Teing (Lola)
* Ethan Crann

# Agenda Topics


## Items from Last Week
- Trivia Night was a success, we have the infrastructure set up so may want to look to run trivia on a weekly basis.
    
## This Week

- Matthew C is stepping down due to lack of time. We will be looking to add a new rep at large, and potentially looking at adding other positions as well. Jack will reach out to some people who applied in September to see if they are still interested. 

- Among us this Thursday at 1pm NL time. 

## Workshops
- The goal of these workshops is to help technical skills of students, empower students to create cool personal projects.
- After this meeting, will create repos in github for the discord workshop and react workshop.

- Discord workshop
    - We want to migrate the curated content to github so that other exec members can contribute material.
- React Workshop 
    - We need to find someone to take over React workshop as Matthew C is stepping down. Lo Yee, Dylan and Jack may be interested in helping curate content.
- May want to create a workshop for linux + CLI (Dylan will work on this when done with the resources)

## Clothing Order
- Currently don't have the numbers we need to order locally, Madison will email around to see if people will switch options so that we can get a local order in. 
- Madison will draft an email tonight.
- Backup is to use redbubble for local order for people who want specific designs.
- Discussions of making designs that are more "fun" in the future? Eg "meme" shirts etc. 

## Events
- May want to set up a rotating event schedule, so that people won't always miss an event if they are busy on a day. Eg if we have Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday as event days. One week Xonotic on Tuesday, next week Xonotic on Wednesday, etc...

## Xonotic
- Ethan will take over Xonotic, will get credentials to set up a Xonotic server.
- Create a Xonotic voice channel.
- Right now want to set up, but need to be careful when to run it as we don't want to overload the society with events.

## Networking Event
- Jack and Lola have contributed to google doc outlining what a networking night would look like.
- Zoom is expensive, so don't want to use it for this event. 
- Don't want to use our discord server as we are going to be giving access to industry professionals. 
- Webex is an option as university pays for a license. Jack will reach out to dept to see if we can get this set up. 
- This week, we will reach out to people to see if they want to contribute (we want people who are enthusiastic).
- We may want to start advertising now to get a feeler on numbers and if it is feasible. Also lets us know how many industry professionals we need. 

## Potential Winter Events
- Skating. Could try to get people out to Bannerman Park. Dylan lives right there so could make hot chocolate and stuff. Time TBD on weather. Other option is to rent a rink with other societies. 
- Snoeshoeing at Pippy Park. Can rent snoeshoes there and do a trail.
- Skiing. Harder to organize. Would want to collaborate with other societies to rent a bus to make price attainable. 

## New Business
- Want to flesh out our resources section. Make an ultimate "resources" guide for a CS student. Dylan is taking care of this. Write in markdown so that we can convert to everything. 
- Bhaskar is going to work on adding a reminder feature to automata to help remind the exec of stuff we need to do. 
- Zac is interested in restarting the weekly coding challenge. May want to move it to a biweekly basis. May want to add prizes for participation. Could raffle off gift card, stickers, etc...
- Reach out to department to have website URL changed as it is an invalid path and change CS Society to Computer Science Society. 
- Jack is going to add the CTS Job Feed into the CS discord server. 
