% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% February 3rd, 2020

# Attendance

* Kent Barter
* Ethan Crann
* Marty Whelan
* Andrew Snelgrove
* Lucas Hiller
* Jack Harrhy
* Dylan Brine
* Nikki Lidstone

# Agenda Topics

## Mixer

- Communication error with other dept. , they have a mixer in the room during the time we wanted to.
- Will likely replace the event this week with a Xonotic / generic gaming LAN instead.
- Jack can remake the OG Xonotic LAN poster and post it tonight to advertise the event.
- Xonotic LAN will contain _free pizza_.
- Have a Mixer next Friday instead.
- Lucas and Marty can advertise the event this week and mixer next week.
- Malory still has to get her server card.

## Bus Crawl

- Get a bus crawl _on the go_.
- Something for March, but get the ball rolling now.
- Figure out what societies we could collab with.

## Git workshop

- Get another git workshop on the go w/Paul's _'git swag'_, aim for the week of Feb. 24th, post winter break.
- Jack gave sticker sales from 3 people to Dylan.

## Clothing Order

- Clothing order update: Marty have finalized the order; colored, black and white, both with and without text designs.
- T-shirts, crew-necks, tote bags.
- Get jackets if there is a want for them, go with the place that was ordered from before therefore we don't have to worry about messing around with the design.
- Katie has one other design done up; _hand drawn keeb_.

## ChallangeSet

- Kent threw a couple of questions up in the `#tech` chat.
- Keep question amount minimal.
- Marty is going to make roles for those who have contributed.

