% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% October 14th, 2021

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey - President
* David Chicas -  Executive Assistant
* Zac Batten - Event Coordinator
* Zach Vaters - Techonlogy Officer
* Mohammed Balfaqih - First Year Reprensentative
* Mudkip - GSUGC Rep
* Hamzah Punjabi - Rep at Large
* Mat Emshey - Rep at Large
* Colton Fridgen - First Year Representative
* Ripudaman Singh - Treasurer
* Kanika Mathur - Science Rep
* Abdulrahman Marwan Mahmood -  First Year Rep
* Rishi Ghandi - International Student Rep
* Gizem Ensari - International Student Rep
* Abhijeet Singh - Rep at Large

# Points to be discussed

## Server Training

* Good idea for as many people in the exec to get their Server Training completed, to get the card as soon as possible and be able to serve alcohol at mixers.

* It is also a good idea to complete to learn the signs of alcohol intoxication.

## MUNCSS x Hacktober

* 50 Holographic stickers coming for people that complete a PR on either Automata or our [website](https://muncompsci.ca)

* In person weekend event, towards the end of October, where we can have one day of showing people how to do PR's and contribute to the society's github. Hamzah, Hamood & Jack can work on this. Try to book a room that has computers in case people can't bring their personal computer.

* Would be a good opportunity for people to work and help each other.

## Possible events for the rest of the semester

* Possibility of a mixer, but COVID situation makes it difficult.

* In person game night (Xonotic, tabletop games, Smash).

* Movie Night with the Math/Stats Society, still waiting for approval on the forms.
