% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% March 15th, 2021

# Attendance

* David Chicas
* Ethan Crann
* Jack Harrhy
* Madison Emshey
* Mathew Emshey
* Rishi Gandhi
* Vilakshan Khanna
* Yee Tring Lo (Lola)

* Mudkip
* Hking

# Agenda Topics

## Jackbox Night

Who's going to run it, Zac B, Madison, or Jack? (Zac not in attendance).

## Social Media Theme

Elliott will decide on colours to represent MUNCSS on social media, to keep things more consistent.

## Minecraft Server

Jack will get the Minecraft server up and running again, but it looking for volunteers to get it up and running again.

Will post when its up

## Newsline Channel

Newsline API intergration into Automata is complete, but needs work on:

- handling discord api failures
- handling newsline aii failures

Both failure state should just retry.

## Hack Frost NL

Moving to a new name, Hack Frost NL is now a hackathon, and not the group.

Moving towards bridging the gap between education and institution. Working on rebranding, run more events in the future, and workshops.

## Future Events

Xonotic maybe? Thursday? Krunker.io?

## Schedules for events

MUN Anime Society has a schedule for what they do, it'd be nice to have something more regular, but also cancel things if they aren't too popular.

1 month of events pre-planned, but still play by ear on what occurs based on exec availability and attendance.

## Summer Months

A little less traffic here, only like 3 courses in the summer for CS, elections in September might be reworked.

