% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% March 7th, 2019

# Attendance

* Courtney St. George (President)
* Riley Flynn (Vice President)
* Kyle Olmstead (Executive Assistant)
* Tahsin Ahmed Sakib (Treasurer)
* Stephen Tollenaar (Representative-at-Large)
* Taylor Hadfield (Event Coordinator, attending remotely for mixer discussions)

# Agenda Topics

## Code Night

### Attendance

* Attendance was not great last week
* Need to get more posters up
* Need to continuously post
* Jacob still needs credentials to post

### Future scheduling

* Do another week or two, then see if people want to change the time schedule

### Ideas

* Seemed to have been ran well last week, leave it the way it is

## Next event

* 5-8 on Friday
* Taylor needs to submit paperwork by monday for mixer on Friday.
* We need servers
  * Taylor will have his server card by then
* Jacob needs to make a poster over the weekend

## CS lab upgrades

Will be discussed by Marty next time he arrives

## Steve wants everybody to be told he misses them

* Courtney misses Steve
  * Wants to know if he'll be coming back
  * Wants him to quit work and come back here

## GameDev NL events

* GameDev executive changed, are now more on top of things
* Courtney wants another event before the end of the semester
* Wants to be related to the game stream
* Perhaps come up with a project idea for everyone to work on

# Other Topics

## Election

* Courtney is possibly doing CIIO, and as a result may not be here
* Riley is working as well, but will still be a part-time student and so can still serve as exec
* Member could get promoted to Courtney's position and then we could shuffle spots to fill remaining roles
* Stephen may be graduated
