% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% January 21, 2020

# Attendance

* Dylan Brine
* Ethan Crann
* Jack Harrhy
* Madisom Emshey
* Mathew Emshey
* Vilakshan Khanna
* Zac Batten
* David Chicas
* Elliot Barnes
* Abhijeet Singh

# Agenda Topics


## Xanotic Event (13th)
- Last event went well. 
- We will run another one. Thursday Jan 28th, 7:00-8:30.
- Action: Jack will make a poster and announce the event.

## Discord presence
- We are now at 780 members.
- Email blast sent out to all profs seemed to have been quite successful in getting new members. 

## Challenge Set
- No new updates as of now. We will leave it on the backburner for now.

## Minecraft building competition
- Something similar to this: https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?t=19915
- We can run it as a one-off to see interest.
- Can pick a theme for the builds
- Take screenshots, have the disc community vote via reactions
- Could have prizes for the best voted builds. 
- Could decide theme off a community vote. 
- Action: Jack will get the server set up, and then we can go post voting for the theme and go from there.

## Winter Activities
- Skating + Snowshoeing is logistically difficult
- Sledding seems to be the move. 
- Wait to see long-term forecast so that we can have a good day. Will just announce it when we know snow is coming.
- Action: Elliot will make a poster for sledding

## Subreddit
- David & Mathew are added as moderators
- Subreddit is cleaned up now, front page has actual relevant content. 

## HackFrost NL
- Most prep is done, "in the final crunch"
- Advertising will begin soon for the event
- Occuring Feb 19-21. 

## Discord Workshop
- Let's wait till after Hackfrost to run it.

