% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% December 

# Attendance

* Dylan Brine
* Ethan Crann
* Jack Harrhy
* Madisom Emshey
* Mathew Emshey
* Vilakshan Khanna
* Yee Teing Lo (Lola)
* Zac Batten
* Zach Smith

# Agenda Topics

## End of Semester Reflection
- MUN Subreddit. Do we want to try and turn it into a thing? 
    - Most posts are just useless how to get in, might be a lost cause?
    - Could promote it on discord to try and get it a little more active?
- Seems like theres some other faculties who want to start a discord.
    - Do we want to help train people on how to run/set up a discord server?
    - Could try and rope some other societies into a discord hub of sorts.
- Do we want to provide a library of resources to learn specific languages and stuff?
    - Maybe we can link to a resource that does this so that we don't have to manage it and keep it up to date? 
- Our discord server.
    - Do we want to create a text channel dedicated to questions?
    - We don't want to break down too many channels, to avoid dead channels.
    - Potentially introduce a personal-projects / questions channel?

## Upcoming Events in the Pipeline
- Loop is now open, we want to set up a tentative date to do a skating event. Tentative week Jan 18th-24th. 
- Snowshoeing at Pippy Park another idea for an outdoor event. 
- Discord workshop. Mathew and Jack want to work on it a bit over break so we can deliver it next semester.
- Potential of hosting a video game tournament next semester. Some options: TF2, Rocket League, CSGO, Xanotic, etc? Fighting games? 
    - Poll genres to see what people want to play?

# Other Topics

## Elections
- Held election this year due to many people graduating.
- May do the same thing next September, but may also just allow anyone who wants to keep their position to be able to do so since we have an overall young exec now.
