% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% January 7th, 2019

# Attendance

* Marty Whelan
* Jack Harrhy
- Ethan Crann
- Katie Hardy
- Andrew Snelgrove
- Ricky Hineman
- Kent Barter
- Nikki Lidstone
- Dylan Byrne
- Lucas Hiller

_Missing_:

- Taylor Hadfield
- Mallory Nolan

# Agenda Topics

## New semester, new roles

- Marty Whelan (Staying as President)
- Jack Harrhy (Representative-at-Large -> Vice President)
- Ethan Crann (Representative-at-Large -> Event Coordinator)
- Katie Hardy (Staying as Social Representative-At-Large)
- Andrew Stacey (Staying as Executive Assistant)
- Andrew Snelgrove (Representative-At-Large -> Academic Officer)
- Ricky Hineman (Representative-At-Large -> Academic Officer)
- Kent Barter (Staying as Technology Officer)
- Nikki Lidstone (*New* Technology Officer)
- Mallory Nolan (*New* Event Coordinator)
- Dylan Brine (*New* Treasurer)
- Lucas Hiller (Staying Representative-at-Large)
- Taylor Hadfield (Event Coordinator -> Representative-at-Large)

Leaving society:

- Riley Flynn

## Role tasks / items of interest

### Pres.

- Marty and Dylan sort out BMO, currently a bit of a pain to do actions with the bank, needing two people signed onto the account to show up to do anything
- Marty forward things to Academic Reps. regarding being the new kids on the block of the new meetings
- Marty reach out to geo regarding when they have their mixers so ours don't interfer

### Tech. reps.

- Doing more on Discord this semester, with adding things to the Discord people want in it
- Codin' challenge in the Discord

### Academic reps.

- Get in touch w/Sharene; _course talk_
- Heading to more of the academic meetings
- Rickys tutorials

## Events

- Biweekly: Board game nights / Xonotic LAN / Trivia / etc.
- First event January 17th, board game night in seminar room, 5:30pm -> 8:30pm
- First mixer January 24th
- Charity stream event, speed-running games in the seminar room for ~12 hrs
- Discord Bot Workshop

### Mixers

- Likely going to have mixer-per-month of the semester
- Exec members should get cards sorted out

## Clothing

- Marty wants to go with someone local to get the shirts
- Katie taking the charge with sorting this out, with help from others ofc.
- Do some non-MUN cs designs, potentially NL-like, to get some money for the society
- Minimal t-shirts

## Discord

- Send out emails to profs regarding the Discord, good profs: Mark Hatcher
- More discord emotes
- Prof. role

## Posters

- Katie modify old board game night poster
- Generic society poster, with discord link, website, GitHub, Facebook, stickers

