% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% October 25th, 2020

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey
* Mathew Emshey
* Abhijeet Singh
* Bhaskar Aanjana
* Elliot Barnes
* Dylan Brine

# Agenda Topics

## New Member
- Dylan Brine has re-joined the executive as Executive Assistant due to an opening effective immediately. 

## Items from Last Week
- Among Us Night
    - Update from last week's Among Us Night: We didn't get much of a turnout. We will improve advertising and try it again.
    
- Trivia Night
    - Zac and Lo Yee are looking into the best way to run a remote trivia night. Once the tech is figured out we will decide on a time to host

## This Week
- Zac will be away for the next couple weeks, so event questions should go to Madison.


## Computer Science Undergrad Studies Committee meeting
- Mathew E went to a faculty Computer Science Undergrad Studies Committee meeting. Some CS profs who are in charge of updating calender, proposing new streams to the program. Overview: 

- Creation of a Data Science Stream
    - Current courses are not very data science related
    - Need to find full-time faculty to oversee creation of related and required courses

- Clarifying STAT2550 and STAT2500 as a pre-requisite in Calender
    - STAT2500 will still be accepted for the CS Major
    - Certain 3000 and 4000 level CS courses will be updated to show STAT2550 as the pre-requisite
        - STAT2500 will be removed as a pre-requisite for these courses
            - These courses will be announced in next meeting
    - This is being presented to the Senate this week

- Suggested Amendments to the Admission Requirements for CS Major
    - This year, the cutoff for admission was 61% average.
    - Suggestion: Increase to a 65% minimum in COMP1001 and COMP1002
        - Debate whether it should be min of 65% in either COMP1001 or COMP1002
        - Other option is 65% mean for both courses
    - Data suggests students who receive lower than a 65% in COMP1001 or COMP1002:
        - Retake one of COMP2001, COMP2002, or COMP2003 on average 1.7 times.
        - Students who receive ~65% retake one of COMP2001, COMP2002, or COMP2003 on average 1.0 times.  
    - Still under discussion, will not be brought to Senate this year

## Social Media
- Elliot is going to be making social media posts to promote AMong Us night to help improve participation. 
- We need to get all of our social media credentials to Elliot so that he can be making posts everywhere.
- Look into using postermywall to create promotional posters for events.


## Upcoming Events
- We are going to try to organize a second earlier time for Among Us so that it is more accessible for international students. (We don't use FB much, trying to move people over to discord)

## Among Us Night
- With the previously noted adjustments, we will be running Among Us night again.
- We are also going to look at adding an earlier time so that international students can participate. 

## Outside get together
- Lo Yee is looking to finalize details on this. Current idea seems to be some sort of gathering at Bannerman Park? More details  to come.

## Workshops

- Matthew C is working on putting a React workshop together.
- Mathew E is working on putting together content for a discord bot workshop.
- Dylan is going to look at some materials for a Git/Github workshop.

## Coding Competition / Weekly Coding Challenge
- Looking at hosting a coding competition somewhere in late November - December which would involve prizes.
- Talked about reviving the weekly coding challenges, but no decision made on this yet.

# Clothing Order 
- Hoping clothing order form will be coming out tomorrow.
- pretty much ready, prices, designs, and everything is ready
- local students: pickup from central location, or dropoff
- for international students: red bubble, getting through paypal and shipping directly rather than made in Canada and us paying shipping
- We want to get merch out to people to represent the faculty 
- Madison hopes to have mock for a Christmas ornament done for tonight. (3d printing)
- Going to bundle some old merchandise together on the clothing order to try and get rid of it. 
 
