% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% November 23rd, 2020

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey
* Dylan Brine
* Abhjeet Singh
* David Chicas
* Rishi Gandhi
* Vilakshan Khanna
* Yee Teing Lo (Lola)
* Elliot Barnes
* Vilakshan Khanna
* Zac Batten
* Ethan Crann

# Agenda Topics

## Items from Last Week


- Trivia
    - Trivia seemed to be a success once again. 
    - Thursday seems to be a good day for it. We will make it a regular event for Thursday at noon. 

- Clothing order: shirts/sweaters will be ordered by the end of the week. This will be white logo with text. (this is for a local order)
    
# This Week

## Networking Event
- 31 people registered for networking event
- We currently have two speakers (three with Dave)
- looking to get two more speakers
- Dylan, Zac Batten, Vilakshan, Abjheet, Lola will volunteer for the event.
- Dylan reached out to Riley and Tim to see if they're interested in speaking. 
    - Riley said he may be able to make it, so pencil him in as a maybe, but don't depend on it.
- Dave Churchill will be a speaker. 

## Hackathon
- Application to MLH got put in.
- Currently refining plans, making sponsorship packet, sponsors, logo, prizes, etc...
- We want to appoint an exec as the society representative for the Hackathon event.
    - Vilakshan has volunteered as this representative. 
    - This representative will be responsible for updating the society on the progress of the Hackathon planning event on a weekly basis. 

## Xanotic
- Ethan has a couple complications with getting the server running. Needs a couple questions answered.
- Goal is to have server running by Next Thursday (Dec 3rd, 2020)