% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% February 8, 2021

# Attendance

* Dylan Brine
* Elliot Barnes
* Ethan Crann
* Jack Harrhy
* Madisom Emshey
* Mathew Emshey
* Mudkip
* Vilakshan Khanna
* Yee Teing Lo (Lola)
* Zac Batten

# Agenda Topics


## executive-documents is broken
- Jack looked into it quickly. Pipeline is broken and posts are 404s.

## Minecraft Interest
- Some interest, but not a whole lot. Definitely less than we had hoped. 
- How to increase interest?
    - Announce what the prizes would be?
    - $20 pre-paid VISA. Let's announce it on Wednesday. 
    - Action: Elliot will announce on Wed in socials that we are a week out and what the prize is.

## Winter Event
- Due to new restrictions, this event will be postponed indefinitely. 

## Hackfrost
- May need helpers here and there to help with individual workshops etc...
- Over 140 people signed up.
- Will be more active on social media now. 
- Event will be from the 19th - 21st. 

## Gaming 
- Any other ideas for games to host?
- Last Xonotic Event had nobody come besides Jack. 
    - May have had a couple factors. Make it earlier, and the change of day didn't help

## Clothing Orders
- Is it worthwhile to do another order this semester?
    - Maybe poll and see, but not hopeful of the interest that is required.
    - May be better to wait until September to organize another one. 

## Networking Event
- Originally planned for 13th, but it is the provincial election.
- The 14th is valentines day, so don't want to hold it then.
- We should look to re-schedule it to the weekend of the 27th - 28th of February. 
- New Format: Will have one unified room instead of breakout rooms. 
- Since we aren't doing breakout rooms, we will switch to google meets as it is easier to use. 
- Won't need as many executives since we aren't doing breakout rooms.
- Action: Dylan will set up the website event page. 
- Action: Get Elliot to advertise the event on our socials. 
- Lola will be the interviewer. 

