% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% August 20th, 2020

# Attendance

* Marty Whelan
* Jack Harrhy

_Meeting between current president and vice president to discuss the logistics of the upcoming online-only semester_

# Topics

## Actionable Items

- Adjust role descriptions for remote society
- Make post in #exec-general about pres/vice reelection stuff
- Adjust constitution appropriately after meeting.
- Create form for applications to roles that are vacant
- Build cog into Automata to post in general as the society
- Make post in #general about above form using the bot

## Website Rework

- Adding data should be easy
- Each section is a different semester with different semesters / instructors
- Anything below that is just hyperlinks
- Hosted from web app
- Might be able to make it generic enough for other non-cs depts. to use.

## Events

- Discord Workshop (Jack, likely Riley)
- React Workshop (Jack, maybe bring in others from CoLab to help too)
- Language Adventure, show different programming languages not usually covered in university settings

## Roles

- President
- Vice Pres
- Exec Assistant
- Tech Admin
- Social Coordinator
- Treasurer
- Event Coordinator
- International Rep
- 2 first year reps

## Role descriptions

- President:

> Someone in the previous year’s society must be internally elected by members of said year.
>
> All encompassing, ensures functional, smooth, efficient operation of the society.
>
> Oversees all activities and discussion.

- Vice President:

> Same election process as the president.
>
> Very similar to president.

- Executive Assistant:

> Manages and transcribes all society discussion into official documents. 
> 
> Coordinates society scheduling for meetings, events, and other activities ahead of time.
> 
> Manages society documents.

- Treasurer:

> Manages society funds and banking accounts. 
> 
> Handles all financial business.
> 
> Setting prices for events or sales items.
>
> Processing payments (Square, cash box, etc)
> 
> Updating payment logs and cash box totals

- Tech Admin:

> Manages Discord discussions.
>
> Oversees any desired changes to discord.
>
> Moderates discussions.
>
> Handles posting for events, updates, etc. on behalf of society.
>
> Misc. things within GitHub, such as keeping it clean and reviewing PRs.

- Social:

> Manages social media accounts.
>
> Posts updates and news from the society. 

- Event:

> Plans and coordinates events. 
>
> Includes planning…
> - Time, date, place.
> - Food, drink, etc.
> 
> Budgeting w/ treasurer.

- International Rep:

> Helps bridge the gap between new international students and the society as a whole from a social and academic perspective.

- First year reps:

> Helps represent new students.
>
> Doesn't have to be as pivotal on the society, but might hold the torch of a higher position someday.
