% MUN Computer Science Society
% Meeting Minutes
% November 2nd, 2020

# Attendance

* Madison Emshey
* Mathew Emshey
* Mathew Churchill
* Zach Batten
* Lo Yee Teing
* Jack Harrhy
* Ethan Crann
* Rishi Gandhi

# Regrets

* Dylan Brine "Power Outage"

# Agenda Topics

## Update from last week
- Zac Batten is back and anything Event related can now be directed back to him instead of Madison
- Matthew C does not have an update on the React Workshop, but is considering a slide show

- Mathew E's Discord Bot Workshop is in the works
  - Plans on providing external resources so it's not all one long demo
  - Plants to put it on github

- Madison's clothing order is started, some ornaments sold, and some numbers for clothing orders are in
- Ethan will take over Xenotic
- Rishi will take over Among Us and work on a new time and day

## Trivia Night
- Turn Trivia Night into "Trivia Day", no official teams. 
- Run trivia at noon until 200 questions pass. If time permits run it multiple times.
- Zac to make a poster for Thursday.
- Elliott will post it across our social media linking back to the Discord.
- Rolls will be put in place, by a bot, to automatically add people to the trivia channel to participate.

## New Business
- Networking Event

## Networking Event
- Options for streaming the event
  - Multiple discord channels
  - Websites like zoom for video calls and break out meetings
  - In person at MUN Engineering?

- Look into community resources
  - Who is available to speak?
  - Who has a job in industry that we can contact to ask to speak?

- What to speak about?
  - What MUNCSS does
  - How to get into what industry
  - How to improve your github
 
- Other Important Details
  - Thursday, November 23rd, 6pm
  - 30 minute into from MUNCSS
  - 1 hour breakouts, possibly on 15 minute rotations
  - follow up email

- Tasks:
  - Jack will create a google docs to edit and update
  - Ethan will ensure the project moves forward
  - Lola will run the project
